(GH-1781) Add ResourceInstance data type (#1786)
puppetlabs/bolt: documentation/bolt_types_reference.md

| `target` | `Target` | The target the result is from. |
| `to_data` | `Hash` | A serialized representation of `ApplyResult`. |

## `ResourceInstance`

> `ResourceInstance` objects are used to store the observed and desired state of a target's resource and to track events for the resource. These objects do not modify or interact with a target's resources.

Reviewer: I think it'd be useful to document an example of using this in a plan. I think just in the resource type page would actually be good since this is experimental, but writing_plans.md would also be appropriate

Author: 👍 I'll write up some pre-docs for this once the API is a little more solidified.

| `plugin_hooks` | `Hash[String, Data]` | The target's `plugin_hooks` [configuration options](bolt_configuration_reference.md#plugin-hooks-configuration-options). ||
| `port` | `Integer` | The target's connection port. ||
| `protocol` | `String` | The protocol used to connect to the target. | This is equivalent to the target's `transport`, except for targets using the `remote` transport. For example, a target with the URI `http://example.com` using the `remote` transport would return `http` for the `protocol`. |

> | `resources` | `Hash[String, ResourceInstance]` | The target's resources. | This function does not lookup resources for a target and only returns resources set on a target during a plan run. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `resources` | `Hash[String, ResourceInstance]` | The target's resources. | This function does not look up resources for a target and only returns resources set on a target during a plan run. |
```

(I know this is super nitpicky)

| `safe_name` | `String` | The target's safe name. Equivalent to `name` if a name was given, or the target's `uri` with any password omitted. ||
| `set_resource` | `ResourceInstance` | Sets a resource on a target. | If a target has an existing resource with the same type and title, then observed and desired state will be overwritten and events from both resources will be concatenated. |

> | `set_resources` | `Array[ResourceInstance]` | Set multiple resources on a target. | If a target has an existing resource with the same type and title, then observed and desired state will be overwritten and events from both resources will be concatenated. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `set_resources` | `Array[ResourceInstance]` | Sets multiple resources on a target. | If a target has an existing resource with the same type and title, then observed and desired state will be overwritten and events from both resources will be concatenated. |
```
